Skill-Based Assessment: Simple Website Creation
Welcome to the Skill-Based Assessment (SBA) for creating a simple website with a clean layout and styling. This assessment is a take-home assignment with a total duration of three (3) days. Your instructor will designate at least half a day for you to work on this assessment in class, and you'll have three additional days (including weekends and holidays) to complete it. The assessment will be due at 5:00 PM on the third day after it was assigned to your cohort.

Objectives
This SBA aims to test your skills in creating a small three-page website with a well-developed HTML structure and good visual design methodologies to produce a satisfying user experience. The objectives include:

Demonstrating proficiency in HTML and CSS.
Creating a clean layout and styling for the website.
Incorporating various HTML elements, forms, and content types.
Utilizing CSS styling techniques, including Flexbox and animations.
Ensuring consistency and usability across different pages of the website.
Scenario and Instructions
In this Skill-Based Assessment, you have the freedom to choose the topic and content for your website. Be creative and come up with a theme that interests you. Your task is to create a simple three-page website following the technical requirements provided below.

Keep in mind the following instructions:

Website consist the following technical requirements:

HTML
Created at least three pages.
Maintain consistency in the grid system across pages.
Use a minimum of ten different HTML tags.
Included at least one table.
Included at least two forms.
Implemented at least one dropdown menu.
Include at least one of each of the following forms of content: text, images, GIFs.
CSS Requirements
Apply inline, internal, and external styling.
Utilize at least five different CSS selectors.
Use complementary colors for styling (use resources like Coolors for color palettes).
Implement Flexbox and/or the Bootstrap Grid for layout.
Include at least two CSS animations.
Feel free to go beyond the listed requirements if you have time and creativity. Good luck with your website creation!